This application stores property transactions (sale and lease).
Each agency sends to us a csv file with the all the transacitons they handled they handle.

Privided is a started, simplified application to prototype our solution.
The application already has a database set up - see `support/db_setup.rb`

SETUP:
run `bundle install` in the main directory

SPECS:
Please review specs in spec directory.
To run specs, use `rspec`

TASK:
There is a number of specs already prepared for you. Some are failing but most are not implemented.

You need to implement 2 classes:
1. CsvImport 
  - accepts the csv file and agency name and inserts the transaction and associated records into the database
2. Search 
  - takes different parameters and returns transaction data


NOTES:
Do not spend more than 3 hours on this task, if any of the specs are problematic, describe the problem and move to the next one.
There is probably not enough time to implement everything. Please focus on what feels important, but try to do some work in both search and import module.
Please commit your work regularly.
Feel free to modify setup code if it helps, but please focus on the task at hand.
There is no need to implement any Rails endpoints etc - we want to focus on the behavior of import and search.
You can add your own specs to help you with the implementations
If time allows, you can expand on specification and introduce other functionality you feel would be useful.

DISCUSSION POINTS:
Let's imagine we want to launch it as Rails application provides an API with search:
- could you use this code. What would have to change?
- instead of importing CSV, our clients will upload it to their dropbox account. How would we implement that?
Nearby properties should be found by distance (ie in radius of 1 mile) instead of by postcode.
- How would you approach it?
We have decided to change the storage from sqlite to MongoDB
- Which parts of your code will be reused and which can change?
Could you model the database differently? What would you change?

